Oh, yeah. I'm in that kind of mood, you guys. A hardcore mood.
It's time for the five most magical of words. Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown.
Everybody, Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much. What a warm welcome.
All right. We've got some guests. We've got some guests tonight.
I was at the Creative Arts Emmys tonight.
Did a little presentation with Joel McHale.
I don't think there's anything to talk about there. It was fun at the Nokia Theater.
I own a tux now. I finally bought a tux, so I don't keep renting them.
Is that televised or non-televised?
It'll be televised on the FXX network. FX has now created an FXX network.
So it's non-televised.
I mean, you know, from what I've heard, actually, you'd think it was just sort of like,
let's just start another thing like MTV2 or whatever, but it sounds like LandGraph,
who's the genius, one of the few suits that I really respect and love,
and LandGraph over at FXX.
It sounds like he's moving all the comedy over to FXX.
That's what I've heard, because he wants FX to be associated with their dramas.
I mean, they're fucking, they're murdering it over there.
That guy is like really, and Nick Grad and the people that work at FXX,
they're a true scientific demonstration of the fact that it's not just bullshit when you say,
hey, just be creatively respectful to the creatives and stay out of their way,
like make deals with the people you want to work with.
They pay lip service to that philosophy and they execute it.
They only help.
They say, look, we're not giving you a ton of money.
You can do whatever you want here.
And look at all the programming on FX. It's fucking amazing.
They went all kinds of awards. I don't know, whatever.
I can't suck their little wieners enough.
Now I call them little wieners.
I wanted to colloquialize it a little more.
I accidentally said they had little wieners.
That'll be, now that'll be the quote in the headline.
Dan Harmon bashes jabs, flip flops.
Dan Harmon took a shot at.
Dan Harmon jab dibs.
Dan Harmon bashes.
Dan Harmon peen, pan, boom, bow.
It's like I'm a professional wrestler.
Like I just say things.
Just go, can I have an omelet?
Dan Harmon jabs omelets.
Yeah, well, I need to eat it.
I had to eat it. I had to put a fork in it.
Dan Harmon sticks it, sticks it to his omelet.
Click here for the details.
Oh, could I have a little, a little penny for my Bacardi ad?
Will you click in it?
I don't even know what songs you're here reading about
how Dan Harmon jabs and jabs.
What is the difference between a jib and a jab?
I'm not sure.
It doesn't matter, man.
Did you wear your eye Harmon with your tuxedo?
No.
Now, Dan, that's an opportunity to fucking market the eye Harmon.
It would have been badass of me or whatever the opposite of badass is
to wear the eye Harmon to the Emmys on a stage.
But I felt like it would be distracting.
I had a bit to do.
I'm just not like I'm going to be meeting it up there.
I had to, I know I set up here.
You can't pick and choose.
You got to wear the eye Harmon.
You got to make it work.
Did you miss it while it was away?
Yeah, for a couple of times I was like,
I don't know what's going on with this, but there was a teleprompter.
Anyways, congratulations to everyone that won a creative arts Emmy.
They're still gold.
The real Emmys are next week.
Jeff, did you know that Feral Audio is a network?
It's a whole network.
The what?
Yeah.
Harmontown is just one of many Feral Audio programs.
What's under the mistake and assumption that we were the only podcast there is?
No, no.
I mean, we could be if we wanted to.
We chose, like Han Solo choosing to be part of the rebellion,
we chose to be part of the alliance in hopes of taking down whatever the Death Star is,
I assume lack of listenership.
What's in it for you and me?
Han Solo, I believe, was paid for his services.
Well, see, that's the thing.
See, that's where you're getting wrong.
Han Solo was, that was him still being regular Han Solo.
Right.
The celebrated pussy Han Solo from the end of Star Wars is the one who's going,
okay, I got my money.
Actually, that's not true, is it?
No.
He got his bounty.
He got his money at the top of Empire.
These guys don't even know.
They're like, which one had the squeab squab in it?
And I don't even know who you're talking about.
Who's squeab squab?
Which race did he malign?
Which weirdly racist CG character are you talking about, squeab squab?
I don't know.
In my day, there was flesh and blood on camera.
Dan Harmon, jib jab, squeab squab.
Click here to hear the real audio from the jibbing and jabbing.
One of our newest brethren at the Feral Audio Network, I looked at it.
He's a partner of our friend.
Do you know James Adomian?
Did you know that guy?
He's from Channel 101 alone.
He's out in their appropriate.
He's a very, very, very super talented, funny guy.
He does incredible impressions.
You probably haven't seen this, but there's that show.
Marc Marons took WTF, his sort of Ilan from that.
And he's doing this IFC show, Marin.
And then they did this thing on the web called Marin in Space,
where James Adomian is playing Marc Maron.
And it's really fucking funny.
It's an impression of Marc Maron.
It's really, really fun to watch.
It's just Marc Maron flying around in space.
Anyways, his partner who produced that with him probably wrote it.
I don't know, we'll ask him for the details.
But he has a podcast on the Feral Audio Network.
It's called Don't Ever Change.
And we're going to bring him up right now and talk about it.
His name is John Roy.
Hello, John.
Grab any mic you want.
Sorry, my intros take a while, but my interviews are even worse.
Awesome.
I'm in.
I'm a bad interviewer.
But I'm interested about your podcast because the cult don't ever change.
And I haven't listened to it yet, but specifically you have guests on
and you talk about the person that they were in high school.
That's it.
Just all about high school.
So we've had, we've had Jonah Ray on.
We had Matt Myra, Sean Patton.
We've got Howard Cramer coming up.
We just did Ron Funches.
There's a lot of comedians just talking about what they were like in high school,
what their town was like, what kind of the feel of that.
And then any weird stories like Jonah Ray got in a fight with a Samoan guy.
The Samoan guy ended up falling down the stairs without Jonah doing anything.
And then they expelled Jonah from high school.
Like it's like weird stories like that because the dude was on the football team.
So Jonah had to leave the school because he fell down the stairs essentially.
So it's like weird stories like that.
And it would have upset the balance for him to stay because it would have,
Jonah Ray would have, would be the guy that beat up a Samoan guy.
People would be gunning for it, man.
Like he'd have to defend it.
I don't even know.
I think you go straight to the top of you, knock a Samoan down the stairs.
I don't want to.
That's, yeah.
Then you just, Mr. Saman, then Tyson and you're done.
I think like I did pretty.
In terms of high school politics, I think you're finished.
You're Walter White season five.
I took the Samoan out.
Tread lightly.
At my high school, at my high school, there was a girl and she was this,
she was big and she was in the Crips and she beat up three guys from another gang.
She was Samoan.
Every detail that story gets better and better.
Like a ladder.
She was as big as a house and she was very sweet.
She got, there was a fight broke out and she beat up three guys.
One on three, full, all three.
And I won't say her name, but she, in front of an AMPM gas station,
she just boxed down three other dudes and like handily.
Well, there's not going to be four women who all did that.
Which one of us is he talking about?
Like he won't say the name.
So I guess.
Well, I mean, yeah.
People that went to my high school.
They know who she is.
And I wish her well.
If you're listening and you're Samoan and you've,
and you're not a badass, like feel free to write into the show and go like,
this is offensive stereotype.
I mean, as sooner or later, we'll get around to that, right?
Like we're, we're making good headway into our Roddenberry vision of tomorrow.
Where pretty soon it'll be not okay to say Samoans or badasses,
but as of press time,
I'm sad to say I don't meet enough Samoans in my life anymore.
I think that's part of it.
It's an obscure group.
But whenever you hear the word Samoan,
it's in reference to somebody beating the shit.
Like that's not beating the shit out of it.
Like it's usually in profession.
Like there's a Samoan boxer, a Samoan wrestler,
a Samoan or a Samoan kid from your high school that was like a quarterback or something.
Like they, they, they, they color between the lines,
but they're, they're, they're, they're unstoppable.
They're juggernaut people.
Again, if that's,
it's almost like in a role-playing game when certain races get certain bonuses,
like you have a plus for two strength if you're a dwarf,
like if we were really had that for human groups,
maybe Samoans get like extra strength.
Let's, let's, let's clean that up.
I'm assuming it can't be true.
I'm sure I'm assuming that's, that's perfectly racist and like,
like tweet me or tumble me or whatever you want to say.
I am a, I am a very, very mild, like, like, like,
but, but that's the other thing though is it's like, like, like,
they're, they're, I feel like good naturedness is also thrown in there.
Like it's like, happy people who could beat you up and aren't.
They're going to hang out and have fun.
That's part of it.
It's not like, it's not like they eat a lot of them.
Their diet is basically root vegetables.
Yeah.
But if you're, if you're a, if you're a scrawny, clumsy,
mean, like, like, like, like, like, like short tempered,
ineffective bully who always gets his ass kicked and you're Samoan,
we'd love to hear from you.
So we can get, just end this.
If you're a Samoan, you've ever been the head in the arms length bully,
classic bully thing and you're unable to punch that guy and you flail away
in the air, then yeah, that's cool.
That will help us know that people are just people.
I can't believe it took us 72 or so Harmontowns to get to Samoans.
It's not, it's, it's not like I'm operating with a scalpel.
I'm sort of just keep banging a shovel on the wall.
I wish black people liked me.
That's the way to do it.
I think that's how you get them to like you.
I'm very forgetful and I tend to repeat myself.
And I, anyways, so John Roy, how long have you been doing this podcast
with people talk about themselves in high school?
We've taped about, or taped Jesus Christ.
No tape was ever used ever in any podcast, but I'm 39.
So I still say tapes for everything.
We've been doing it about, we've done about 10 episodes, but we've put out about six of them.
So really recently we just started it.
We started it all in the new studio.
So we recorded every one up there in Burbank and it's been great.
That's my studio.
Oh, well, well, thank you.
It's pretty good, man.
I just hope people are, people love it.
They, you can tell when they walk in like, oh, there's no visible moth balls.
This is good.
Like a lot of times you report, you record podcasts in like under a Murphy bed.
Like it can be bad.
Like you don't really know.
So they like it.
Yeah, I'm trying to become like the Howard Hughes of zero profit industry.
This is my first move.
Just skip directly to the urine and jars without the money part in the middle, I think.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was urinating in jars when I was 16.
I think that's why I got fixated on Howard Hughes.
I'm like, you can make money doing this?
The answer is no.
No, but I'll figure it out.
Oh, fuck, fuck.
God damn it.
But so you've recorded 10 of them, you've done 10 of these interviews.
Like I'm curious if they're like, are there patterns emerging?
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
You know, there's kind of a, you know, a lot of the people I would say over now we've,
we've probably, most of the people were really fairly unpopular in high school that became comedians.
But then every now and then you'll get one anomaly.
Like Jay Larson was like the biggest stud of his entire school.
And he's also super funny.
So, but I'd say about for most, for the most part you get a fairly unpopular guy who learned
that all that shit didn't matter when he discovered either music or comedy or something.
And then by about like 25 or so, he's pretty cool.
And now he's a comedian.
Do you think, which chicken lays which egg there?
Or which egg lays which chicken is it?
Are people that are destined to play guitar or paint something well or make people laugh?
Are they like, are their brain shaped differently?
Therefore, they're not as facile at school politics.
Or is it just like, hey, somebody's got to be the dork and it's you.
Therefore, you're going to end up drawing apples better.
Probably not the latter.
I feel like, like there's certain personality traits and skills you have to have to be funny.
And you can get the impetus to drive you to get those skills in different ways.
If you are unpopular, it's like a defense mechanism.
Like I can't beat these guys up, but I can make fun of the teacher.
They'll all laugh at that.
Think I have some kind of anti-fear powers.
And then they're like, oh, maybe he's got something to him.
Or you could be super popular at school, but you got to ship all home life.
And the only way to make your dad fucking pay attention is you learn how to get this funny thing going.
So I think there's a lot of ways that will teach a guy who has the aptitude for it
that maybe you should try, if he said something right now, maybe everybody will laugh.
Is the same go for male and female comics?
We are just about to have our first female guest coming up.
We're going to have Emily Gordon on.
So that'll be the first opportunity to be like, hey, are we learning universal things?
Or are we learning just boys' clubs, crybaby in the room with quadrophenian earphones going,
why don't you wake me?
Is that just a male thing or is that an everybody thing?
I don't know.
That's always something I've wondered.
I felt like this question has been very delicately trod on territory.
It's like female comics versus male comics and stuff.
I just felt like, for me, the male class clowns were rewarded for it.
The female class clowns were punished for it.
The teachers shut them off.
The reinforcement was different.
Or the other classmates did.
It was not as okay for a gal in my junior high and high school to kind of wisecrack for some reason.
Like, I don't know where it came from.
If it was everybody or from the top down.
I'm going to ask that very question and we'll find out the answer to that.
She'll be able to really bring...
You'll make up for Ten Dude's interviews with her because she's also trained in the whole thinking about all that stuff as well.
Right.
We want anyone thinking about anything.
A lot of times our podcast is like, what is you eating Burger King?
Oh, fucking all that shit.
Chicken sandwich?
Oh yeah, chicken sandwich.
We need to get a little bit more intellectual discourse on things.
That's kind of like Harvard Town.
It's a little like Harvard Town.
Girls are definitely socialized to like...
Socialize.
Right?
Like guys are told, at least maybe this is a generational thing and we're changing it now,
but it's always been the thing of like guys are told, don't change your mind about anything.
That's a form of weakness.
So you have these weird arguments with guys about like, I thought you said you hated the Matrix.
What's up, fucker?
And it's like guys have emotional reactions to that stuff.
I go like, no, I said, but I said I didn't like any Keanu Reeves movie.
He did a good job with the Matrix.
I'll give him that.
You can be the biggest nerd in the world, but you're having this like male socialized
experience.
But even though no one's starting any punches and no one could, if it ever came to that.
And the stakes get me lower.
That's your opinion of the Matrix.
You can change it.
Yeah.
I used to like the Matrix.
Now I don't.
Good.
Fine.
Are we getting food?
What the fuck?
I don't care.
So, I suggest if you believe in your shooting while you're voting on progone asylum attacks,
that's how you cover your life.
It doesn't matter how bad your life is.
You can turn something up where you're gonna be already.
Challenge, religion, love.
And you don't end up with the Matrix.
It's still time.
In that case, you gotta run out of time.
Frugal.
Is this the first time you've seen this funny?
right. Well, I think that's why you, I think you make yourself right. Yeah, you pick, you'll go like
ketchup's the worst and I'll tell you why. And then you just, you just plant a flag and then
you're not gonna, you're not gonna stop until mustard is illegal. And it's like, you just, you just do
it to do it. I do it because, I mean, I pick, I think in the past I would pick things like you say
and then I would stick to them for no reason. I did do what you said is that, like sometimes I would
just pick the diametrically opposed thing just to have that sort of interaction. Just get that
thing going, whatever that is. I think I definitely outgrew that, but like I'll just go like, you
know what, like fuck Wolf Blitzer, fuck Led Zeppelin, fuck this, fuck that. Well, the second
one's controversial. Who's gonna go, wait a minute, fuck Wolf Blitzer? Did you just say something
about News Candy Rogers? The camera pans over and there's like a Paul Bunyan guy who's just
wiping his mouth with a napkin. I can tolerate a lot of things. I've watched my country go from
a field of beautiful pine to a bunch of Walmart parking lots, but I won't have anybody selling
a Wolf Blitzer's name. You sir can meet me outside. But like, you know, I, I, I, my joke was always
that I can convince anybody that they don't actually like Rush because they don't, because
you're right. They don't like them. No, you had, you had an older brother who did and you're, you're an
idiot. And don't say they're technically a good man because Hitler was technically a good chancellor
and shit. That's what I think Rush did and what bothers people that hate them. And I know people
like them. They took rock and roll and then they drained all of the sex out, just all of it, just
pulled all every amount of sex. And then they replaced it with Anne Rand and sci-fi, which is not
a good substitute. Rock and roll with sex. It was Elvis, it was Elvis and all that shit. And I was
like, no, we'll take all of the reason this music exists. We'll move that. It's about the fountain
head with bass pedals and octagon trumps. Because Rush, Rush was like 70s, 80s, right? Like, yeah,
yeah, it's a lot of sexy music. A lot of people were inseminated and conceived during-
by touring the snow dogs. Nobody was conceived to a Rush song. Nobody put on red Marchetta and
took his pants off. Nobody's father came drink, ah, salesman. Salesman!
In fact, in fact, my sperm count just got lower with sales.
Look, what, look, though his mind is not for red, to any God or government. It's reserved
a quiet defense, lighting out the day's mess. Fucking Rush can go fucking.
If you choose to not decide, you still have made a choice.
No, no, you haven't. You haven't at all. Honey, not tonight. I have a headache again.
I think I have a technically, I have a technical headache. Joe Hill, the author, totally hates Rush
and he was tweeting some shit and somebody tweeted something about how he was just so mad
that Rush was in the hall. So Joe Hill goes, in honor of Rush getting in the Rockin' Hall of
Fame, I will now listen to all my favorite Rush records. And then a minute later, he goes, done!
I mean, I, yeah, when I played Dungeons & Dragons in high school, my first Dungeon Master,
no, not my first, my best Dungeon Master, Graham, had the jean jackets and he had the,
all his t-shirts were like from different states that had state parks because he loved,
he loved nature. He wanted to be an elf or like Spock. Like he was one of those personalities.
He, he barefoot alighted himself on his, on his pit stains, like, like, and went to high school
with a woman's briefcase and, and because he was like, I give zero fucks. Like, I guess you didn't know,
okay, because, because he was like, he's like Spock, but like badass.
He gave and received zero fucks. Yeah, it's like, fuck you, I'm smarter than you. Like,
you know how you want, you want like the Columbine kid to, you want to reach back in time and go,
it doesn't matter. Like, Graham was one of the kids that, he knew it didn't matter. Okay.
That's the personality you get. He's just like, fuck this, fuck this, fuck all of it.
He saw you losing the minute they presented it to him. But he loved Rush, yeah. He loved
Denim and Rush and, and, and, and, and yeah, they were like, you know, he'd sign your yearbook with
Rush lyrics and, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't hate him. I, he made me, he, he, he, he, because he
loved him so much, I would, I would be like, I would be one of those diametrical guys and go,
like, they're the worst. Pink Floyd's way better. Like, right. Is it yes, is it yes, the band that
has like a, they're all good people. They may absolutely fuck off into the night forever.
I'm sorry. I have a special guest, you know, I hate to, we're talking about music, but you
know, I really, it's Neil Pert right behind me right now. You don't have to deal with the professor.
One of, one of my favorite musicians of the world from the Michael Jackson Thriller song is
Vincent Price. Did you, I don't know if you knew that, like, is he here tonight? Well, he's, yeah,
a lot of people think he's dead, but Vincent Price is actually here. Is it Vincent Price, the actor,
or Vincent Price from, from Thriller? It's, it's Vincent Price, it's Vincent Price, the actor.
I don't know if he wants to do the, the Thriller bridge. Should I get, should I do a beat? Maybe
you could rap a bit and he could do like the, the Vincent Price breakdown in the middle of it?
I mean, we could. It's been so very long. It's James Adomian, everybody.
That's one of my favorite impressions that he does is this Vincent Price. He did it in a,
in a Yacht Rock episode. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. I'm rapping bout, rapping with my friend Vincent
Price. Gonna do the rap, then he's gonna do the bridge. Nice. First I'm gonna talk about my favorite
cereal. Yo, I like to pour it into a bowl and eat it down. Drain the milk, slowly. He just made
cereal spooky. I don't know what else to do there. Mount Chocula brand cereal.
Yeah, just, all right. Well, anyways, I don't know. I don't want to pimp you to do impressions
and stuff, but. Oh, I love that. I love when he, when, I, when I was a kid, he used to do
advertisements, like you would. Cousin subs, for instance? I don't know that one. What is it,
how does it go? Well, I was, I was a local sub place hat. You've had Vincent Price on the, on
the payroll and he would go, hello, sorry to interrupt your meal, but you could be having
a spooky sandwich. I was just about, I was, and he would pull a cord and a cheap ass photo shop
pendulum would cut the sandwich in half. That's how I cut my sandwiches. Ham has been murdered.
Was that voice ever actually considered scary by society? Like, why that voice? It's weird.
It dates back to really asshole landlords from the 1800s. That's why they're afraid
they could cut off their gas oil at any moment. So that voice is terrifying. People really used
to believe in vampires. I think it's, so you didn't have to be like ripped in order to be scary.
We transitioned into a society where like we had enough security camera footage
to realize that the really scary thing is physical fitness and, you know,
sociopathic was no longer sociopathology, not people who are, I'm a gentleman. I like the
smell of your blood. It's like, like that guy you can take down. Aesthetic reasons are the reasons
I persecut you. I was like, there used to be a fear of people like Bella Legosi. Like that guy's
not scary really through a modern lens. Yeah, look at that weak link. He's out to get us.
Not after you see enough like Chinese babies getting run over in parking lots. Like I got
four a chance. Hey, I didn't put them there. Jesus, why do I always bear the brunt for these
videos I mentioned? Wait, tell me more about the Chinese baby parking lot.
Dude, if you know what to look for and I do, no, there's horrible things that happen.
If I type those keywords in, I'm looking at a video of babies being run over in a parking
lot. There are so many cameras now and there's been that way for so long and the population
is so high now and there are so many countries where, like China has different rules, by the way.
I guess I'm rift. Oh, you're saying this surveillance footage of a baby accidentally
being run over. There's not a parking lot full of babies that people as a blood sport like.
Well, that might be a thing. I don't know. One child policy wasn't working.
There's just horrible shit you can see. Like in countries that are overpopulated and that don't
have good Samaritan laws, you know, where there's like, there's just like, oh, this guy was eating
someone on a subway. Look at this. Anyways. Eating on a subway? Where? What would Vincent
Price have to say about a Chinese baby getting run over? Oh, God. Nothing appropriate.
My one son.
My one precious son. Come unto the carbuncle.
Come unto the carbuncle. That was a big post story, I think.
Come unto the carbuncle. Wasn't that egg round? Oh, I think.
All right, let's make it easier. Wait, keep the music on, Jeff. Hey, Vincent Price, maybe we
should go. Vincent Price, I know you're my roommate. I was hoping that we could pay the bill
to the Department of Water and Power. My card isn't work. Could we go to the grocery store together?
I just, we need to get some Sudofan and some maple syrup. Do you mean some pseudo-athedron
for your ills? Oh, my God. I have quite the elixir roommate of all mine. Oh, my God. It's
making me drowsy. I don't know. Okay. I hope that's the first episode of a long series of
Vincent Price's My Roommates. Can you do, can you do, can you do Marin on Q? Or is that?
Let me do an interview with Marc Maron real quick. Yeah, what do you want? Yes.
So I just, come on. What, really? Thanks for having me on your show, Marc Maron.
Oh, yo, yeah. It's my show because I thought I was being interviewed. Yeah, fine. So you did
this show. What was that like? That's awesome. Yeah, you got to say Marin in space is fucking
amazing. Thank you. It's really, really, really funny. They're web shorts. You spend the whole
time laughing. I was talking to you about this. This will sound pretentious to non-LA people who
don't make stuff for a living and all this stuff. It's like we're up here jerking each other off
but let's jerk each other off for a second. Your impressions, I think, because sometimes people
feel about impressions the way they feel about magic. It's like, well, what are you really,
what are you doing? You're just, you're sounding like somebody, but I think there's a, you do them
in a strange, tender way, like you write up to your, when you're doing Marc Maron. Massage the
muscles of the person you're impersonating. Like you're not, you're not sitting there watching
Marc Maron and going, ah, fuck him. Here's how he talks, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh. Like you're,
like you create a character for him. That was rich little process.
I feel sometimes when I'm listening to an impression being done, I feel like, okay,
congratulations. You figured out that, you know, Nick Nolte has an overbite, like, like,
but that's, like, but you, I feel like your, your characters are a little more loving. Yeah, well,
I like, sometimes I hate them. Like George B. Bush, I was trying to ruin him, but yeah, usually
it's like something I'm fascinated by for good reasons. And then it's just fun to sort of imagine
playing being that person. When you're, when you're, when you're in your head, you're like,
you got a little simulator running, like you are the person, right? A little bit because you have
to know what they might say. Yeah. Yeah. That's what helps with somebody like Jesse Ventura,
because he can, he lives in so many worlds is that he, he, no matter what happens, there's either a
conspiracy or an old match that's scarred him. So if I were to, if Jesse Ventura were my roommate
and I needed him to. This is a real crowded apartment. I know, but you, you, you, you, we
toured it together when we decided to sign the lease and I, you haven't paid the, you're part of the
electric bill yet. You mean to the department of water and power? I want to know how high it goes.
It just goes to the office. You just write your, your half is 1750. My half is 1750. And then we
don't, why are there only two parties? It's just two halves of the check, man. It's like, like,
did you go to work this week or? Yep. I was, I was commenting on some underground DVD titles.
You seem defensive when you say that. How much does that pull down a year? I work. I was surfing.
You don't need to know my business. All right, Jesse Ventura. He's an, he's an impressionist.
I don't, I don't get to like a lot of impressionists. It's fun for me. Yeah, no, it is. Yeah, it's,
there's a rarefied number that it's refreshing. You know what? I'm putting out the magician
challenge. If you're a magician and you think that Jeff and I can like you come, come to harm it down.
Do a little magic. Yeah. It'll be great for the listening. For me, like, when you think of
impressionists, like, I have friends that, I have a couple of friends that can do impressions of
almost anybody and it's great. But the reason why it's fun is because they're funny. The things
they say are actually like, you're, you're being funny while saying them. Rich little for my money
isn't a very funny guy. Ooh. He's taken on Wolf Blitzer and Rich little Jeff Davis bashes Rich
little. Take that. Who's next? Frank Gorshin. Remember him? Like, he was actually funny. Like,
when he did Bert Lancaster, it was a fucking riot because he said funny things. Like, so that's,
that's the difference. Like, I wish I could, I can't do an, I can do like two impressions
and no shitty. Like, what would piss me off is I would go on the road as a comic with these guys
who would do impressions of people who are already funny. They were comedians like Rodney
Dangerfield and then they would just do Rodney bits under the guys. I do that. I do that sometimes.
No, I make up a new one. No, you make up a new one. These guys were doing actual Rodney bits.
James, how much respect do you think that you get? You know, I get a little bit of respect.
That's the worst Rodney Dangerfield I've ever heard in my life. You said James.
Do you have to do it like Lipton? Is Rodney there?
I'm always waiting for the James Lipton moment.
Is Rodney inside you right now?
I get, I can do, I can do some impressions. You can do a Liam? You thought you had Liam
Neeson that we found out that you lost it? I thought I had him for a while. Can we try some Liam?
Well, ask me a question about wolves.
The wolves, are they nearby? It doesn't matter if they're nearby. They'll bite you.
Did Liam Neeson? You know what? I walked into that.
It's intimidating looking at him and doing it. Was Liam Neeson eating a sandwich during that one?
There is no sandwich. There's just wolf bites.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I pimped you for that. Who can you most confidently do? Who's your best impression?
No, I don't think I have someone that I'm like, oh, slam dunk.
You don't? You used to do a pretty good Rosie Perez.
Maybe Mr. T. I think I could pity the fool and put something on my head,
but that's more of a prop work kind of thing. Can we want to do a Jesse Ventura?
Just turn your voice over like you've been shouting all day.
You listen to me, rowdy rowdy piper. That's pretty good. It's like a different wrestler.
Now, dad, do the gray, but instead of Liam Neeson put Jesse Ventura in there as the star of the gray.
It doesn't matter how far along we are if they have copes we're already dead.
I sound like Nick Nolte. Rich. This is Gary Busey.
This is also Gary Busey.
This is either Popeye or Marlon Brando.
Or neither.
Don't take that off the table.
Could be neither. Could be neither.
Don't remove that option. We're going to use it.
Or Johnny Carson.
Do Johnny Carson doing a scene from Streetcar named Desire?
Oh, have you heard about the Napoleonic Clause? Johnny Carson was a nerd back in the old days.
We would play a game you'd get high and then you would do what we called plausible Carson episode.
And what it was was you had to introduce three people for a Carson, but it had to
been people who would conceivably be on the same show during the actual run of the Tonight Show.
So you'd be like, we have a great show tonight. We have Martin Moll from the hit movie Mr. Mom
is here. Beautiful young singer Deon Warwick is here tonight. And from Lenny and Squeaky,
Michael McKean, like it would have to be people that actually could have shared a
Carson bill and it gets it. And the game is over when the third name is said.
Yeah. When you just can't, when no one can make, can do it anymore.
Like, and when you're not high enough to still think it's funny.
I think those are like, those are, that's like when the game runs out.
I would play that by mail with you.
Does anyone play Peaks by Mail anymore?
I do. I do.
You don't really play by mail, do you?
I play a game by mail with Matt Gurley from Super Ego.
Super Ego is my favorite podcast. My friend Matt, who I've been, best friends with from
like seventh grade on, we play a game called Death that we started doing in a...
I think we're all playing that one.
Especially the people that are mailing things to each other.
They're the ones that are winning.
I have a real kicker of a chess move.
Make this stamp go down to the post office.
Brook Four and the envelope. So excited.
Two months later, let's see if it worked.
We started in school. One of us would just draw like a guy.
Like a middle of a piece of paper.
We'd just draw a neutral guy standing there.
And then you would draw him dying somehow.
And then you would give it to the person who would slip it, like a note in class.
And originally it was just like back and forth in school.
And by the end of this page, and we have these from school,
where there's just 30 million, like really, they get more and more obscure.
You can't repeat it.
So then they would get really weird.
So now if Matt mails me one, there'll be a guy and there'll just be a fruit cart
way in the background. That has a sign that says oranges,
which is a Godfather reference.
Because every time you see an orange in the Godfather, somebody dies.
Oh, so the fruit cart doesn't have to kill him?
Yeah, it's just, he's going to get whacked because there's oranges in the background.
Right. It's not a fruit cart accident, per se.
But when's the last time you did that?
You're not doing that actively.
It is active.
Whose move is it right now?
It's Matt's. It's on his refrigerator.
And he's fucking taken a long sweet time about it.
What a fucker.
I know. Fuck that guy.
All right. Well, John, Roy and James Adomian anything.
You should listen to Don't Ever Change.
And James, do you have anything going on?
We can-
Nope. Nope. I'm just sort of winding down my whole career.
More podcasts. Just hear me on more podcasts.
Oh, and Marinette Space is on IFC.com.
Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. Go check it out.
It really is funny. I can't recommend it.
All right.
James and John, thanks for coming by.
All right. Look, we've wasted too much time, Jeff.
We got an old friend back that people are very excited is back.
I'm sure they must be excited is back.
I'm sure people love hearing from me about what's going on in my life.
But I really, I swear to God, I got nothing because I'm so excited
of the Kumail Nanjiani's back.
Let's bring him up.
Oh, man. That sounds like what my heart's doing right now.
No, me too.
I think that's why I picked that song today,
because I feel like Sunshine and Lollipops and Moonbeam.
I miss doing this show so much.
We never really, we never officially said you were part of the family.
It was, that's probably why you're part of it,
because you're a very low maintenance guy.
You just came, you know, and it was fun.
So you came back and we just, you know,
that's how I like to do my business, by the way.
I just like...
There was a giant power vacuum that took place to fill up your role in D&D.
What happened?
I'm kidding.
We had Tyler, who did a fucking awesome job, everybody.
Tyler.
Hello, Tyler.
Yeah. I was working.
I was...
What is this?
The show is leaking.
This is the hissing in the background.
There's like a person deflating slowly.
Aww.
Spencer was a balloon the entire time.
That's even more impressive.
You didn't think a human was that unflappable.
Yeah, exactly.
He took everything in stride because he was filled with helium.
Yeah, I was, and then I was in Europe for a couple weeks.
Was that just for fun?
It was just for fun.
Your Instagram photos of Paris and Rome and Florence were outstanding.
My wife and I hadn't taken a vacation in years,
and it was sort of getting to me.
My temper was getting short,
and I just really, really needed to go.
I'd never been there.
And it was amazing.
You give me a lot of great tips.
Camille emailed me and said,
hey, I'm going to be in Paris tomorrow.
You seem well-traveled.
Can you give me some tips?
I don't have any Paris tips,
but I will forward this to Greg Proup.
Greg Proup sent you an email really long,
and it should be published.
It's a poll.
It really should go online.
Maybe I'll put it on the forum with Greg's approval.
It makes you want to pick up everything you can right now
if you could, and just go to Paris
and check off everything off.
Go to Notre Dame at night
and have a cup of coffee at this place.
And then, some night,
just stay in, get bread and fruit,
and watch French TV. It's awesome.
There we go.
It was a poem, and it was all lowercase,
no punctuation, just like beauty, beauty, beauty.
It was wonderful.
It's a great well-rounded history.
There's secret stuff.
Check this out, because you have to see this.
It made me want to go do it.
You asked me, what about Florence?
There's a sandwich place I like.
Hey, it was a great sandwich place.
I almost cried from the sandwich.
This is a weird story.
So we were in Paris, and so we'd missed Breaking Bad,
and it was Monday morning.
We were bummed out because we were out of the country.
This is true. So we're at the Louvre,
the fucking Louvre, where the Mona Lisa is.
And we're sort of talking about Breaking Bad.
We've been there four hours. We're sitting,
and I look over and I'm like, Emily,
is that Vince Gilligan?
The creator of Breaking Bad?
So Emily's like, no.
I'm like, Google what he looks like.
He's Googling it. I go over.
I'm so sure. I'm like, hey, are you American?
He's like, yes.
I was like, are you Vince Gilligan?
And he's like, fuck!
Let me guess, you love Breaking Bad?
Oh, God, what a shocker.
I came to the Louvre,
so I could be second best at something.
Exactly.
I had to escape my genius.
I wanted to get away from the Mona Lisa of TV shows
to see the Mona Lisa of painting.
The Mona Lisa stops
like looking straight out,
looks at him, goes like, I love this.
Oh, God. Big X-Files back, too.
You look over and you see Mona Lisa has her iPhone out,
and you're like, picture her.
I never do this, but I got a picture with him,
because I had my hands were shaking
while I was talking to him.
It was awesome. He was like a great guy.
Nothing, I would have pictured him.
I got to meet him at a function.
I was invited to this TV guide
showrunners dinner or something.
It was the only place
where I'd ever get to meet him,
because he was technically the other.
I just fanned out and took a picture with him.
I don't have a story like that.
But let's talk about his personality
now that we've both met him.
He seems like, he's such a laid-back, nice guy
who, if you give him a compliment,
he always deflects it.
He wasn't me, that was this person,
that was this person.
He gives his whole team the credit
for everything, and that show is...
You know what's interesting?
He's an old pro.
He came up through the trenches
and was like...
He was a big X-Files guy.
Knocking it out of the park on the X-Files
and patiently waited for his turn at bat
and is pioneering the golden age of TV.
I still always anticipate
when you really admire somebody,
I always still picture
a giant, fat mountain
of a person with a huge beard
with squirrels in it.
It always blows my mind
when these people are like clean cut
and articulate and kind of...
Very polite and well spoken.
He was great.
Did someone say a big beard
with squirrels?
Whoa! B.J.
Okay, I feel like I've missed something.
Camille, you haven't.
This is what happened
in the three weeks I was gone.
For the home listener,
B.J. walked up to almost no
fanfare.
What I also love is that he's got
a full thing of frozen yogurt
that's still frozen, so he just got here.
He's dressed somewhere between Jesus
and Mrs. Roper from
Three's Company.
He's holding some ice cream
from Baskin Robbins.
He just walked in, so you're late
to the show, but have the gall
to come right on stage.
He's B.J.
He really doesn't care.
B.J. is a...
I feel like you're just glossing
over the possibility of time travel.
Oh, well, I don't know.
I mean, he...
I don't know if he glossed over it.
To know B.J.
is to have to admit
the possibility of time travel.
But I mean, then his timing would be improved.
I mean, I would like...
If you had the power of time travel,
you wouldn't think...
You know, the awkwardness would be
short off. I saw you at Comic-Con.
I saw you on the sidewalk.
I was gonna say, how are you shorted with him, but...
B.J.,
where does one pick up a smart tunic
like that?
How would you describe what you're wearing right now?
It's apostolic.
It's like...
B.J., come over here.
If you're gonna be up here, grab a mic like a person.
There you go.
Apologize.
He's in bare feet.
Like what?
We had a guy on here
that would give you a run for your money.
Maybe not sartorily.
The look on Camille's face right now
is like, what the fuck?
I go away for two weeks.
Well, I'm thinking of all the decisions I've made
in my life that have led to this exact thing happening.
And I'm happy. I mean, no regrets.
Is anybody getting a good Instagram
to post this on the line for those who will be curious
later on?
B.J., I've been on Instagram.
Can someone tell me how to get an Instagram account
started?
B.J. is a...
Do you have a PhD in theology
or just a master's? I have a PDF.
And...
All right, B.J.
All right, we're okay.
B.J.
I don't know if we talked about this before.
What was it?
The reality show that you won?
The great race?
The amazing race?
I'll just say it because he won't give a straight answer.
He won a million dollars.
He won the a million dollar prize.
This is what happens when you win
a reality show.
You won... Okay, you won the amazing race.
You did?
Allegedly. No, he did.
He won an amazing race.
I mean, they had a few of them.
Some were amazing than others.
Did you win a million dollars?
Well...
Just say yes or no.
Did you?
Taxes and the economy and everything.
Mama and everything that's happening
in the news and football and everything.
So, you know, I'm betting and everyone's like...
B.J., do you think that million dollars changed you at all?
And please say yes.
What I want to do is I want to call the showrunners
of amazing race and be like, this is what you did.
I didn't do the show.
You were always this B.J.
You were this B.J. on the amazing race.
I was the last B.J. in the past.
Really?
You were rounding off the edges a little bit
back in the old days?
Aaron knew him in the Clark Kent days.
Oh, yeah.
Before I got my superpowers.
Before you got that hat.
Before I got Lasik.
That hat is his own kind of superpower.
Well, he's actually not the hat I would prefer to be wearing right now.
Really?
That's your second favorite hat?
That's Plan B.
So, are you really, do you really have a Ph.D. in theology?
You didn't answer it.
I'm very good at dodging questions.
Yeah.
Oh, Camel, nice to meet you, man.
Or do you have a Ph.D. in theology?
It is a theology...
Degree?
Of some kind.
I don't have it on me.
I don't have any pockets.
I just...
How did you get that pinkberry?
Did you just say, if you give it to me, I'll leave?
I'm going to get picked apart on Reddit
for that comment.
What flavor of pinkberry did you go with, BJ?
People want to know.
Yeah, when they were like, what flavor do you want?
What do you go?
Oh, the football and economy.
Isn't that vanilla?
Well...
BJ, BJ, if you're going to be that specific
in your closing and your attire,
it's funny how soft-spoken and ambiguous
you are in your replies.
You guys are talking to a million-dollar
theology student here.
I guarantee you, he doesn't have
a lot of that left, right?
That money goes quickly, right?
It's hard to keep it.
I could see your wheels turning
to not answer the question
but say something.
How much of the money do you have?
Are we falling in love?
Is that what they say?
You're like, you're misreading the signals.
You're like, leaning in.
This magic moment...
You're like...
I walk into Pinkberry.
He's got a story. Go ahead.
You guys, if you want to hear the story,
you all have to stop interrupting me.
Here we go.
I walk into Pinkberry.
I think I know what I'm going to get.
I walk up and Chanel
says to me,
take a look to the right.
There's all our choices.
So many more choices
than I thought there would be.
Apparently, I was at the flagship
of Pinkberry.
I'm glad Tim Crouchy isn't alive to see this.
So then,
you got confused
about the choices.
So I said to Chanel,
in my mind, we just cut to a
second unit shot of you two at a convertible
on a country road.
If you guys are going to go find out why...
They accidentally win another million dollars.
It's no accident.
I mean, that's a hat on a hat
playing music while BJ's on stage.
It's a hat on a hat on a hat.
I used to live in a neighborhood with a man
with two hats, and I thought, that guy is crazy.
And that is an indictment.
In the land of BJ's, the man with two hats
is king.
Well, I might as well bring
Erin up. She's usually the BJ
handler.
She's the BJ whisperer, I should say.
She's out here somewhere. She can make me tall.
Here, sweetie.
You can stay, Kumail.
I'll stand here.
Have this...
Can we get another mic?
Here, I'll grab Spencer's. You grab mine.
Have a seat, Erin.
I can stand up.
BJ, you're dripping pink
berry all over our stage.
Oh, my goodness. I have to get a paper towel
or something.
This happens literally every time I
walk into any place.
Erin, talk to BJ.
Hey, BJ.
Hey, Erin. How's it going?
Pretty okay, I guess.
BJ and I used to do an improv show together.
Really?
Can we see a little bit of that
improv?
Can I see a little...
You guys have actually known each other for a while.
BJ's my friend.
I'd like to see a little bit. Try to
approximate the improv
that you guys used to do together.
Oh, hi.
Okay, don't you want a situation?
I guess this is enough of a situation.
Okay, hey.
Hey, are you okay?
Pretty okay, I guess.
Are you okay?
I'm alright.
Scene.
Thank you.
Should we do notes now or after the show?
Erin, what was he like when you guys
were doing...
Was it very similar to the gentleman
before us?
Less dressy, maybe?
I don't know.
Is this dressy?
BJ's...
BJ? I love BJ.
I love Erin.
I love Dan.
BJ's super smart and great.
I love BJ.
I have five dogs one time and I drove BJ home
and we had a big old time and I think your lighter
is still in my car, by the way, if you want it.
Really? Yeah. I would love that.
I thought you might...
BJ's been walking the earth looking for a lighter.
Who else wants to just wander up on stage?
Does anybody...
Let's get...
I think all the people that want to wander on stage...
Adam Goldberg, get up here.
Adam Goldberg.
Oh, he's getting light.
Here, wow.
Tomorrow...
Let's just steer into this spin.
I want to see how many donuts this car can do.
This train only goes forward.
If we ever had brake lines, we don't have them now.
It's when I say a joke,
because that's a pause that...
Adam, tomorrow's your birthday.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Quarter century club.
I'm excited about that.
Adam, talk to BJ.
I will do my best.
Sup, BJ?
Hi, Adam.
Yes, go right ahead.
It is Vanilla.
I'm not afraid of him. He's just like you.
Maybe just is overselling it a bit.
Adam Goldberg stuck his finger in BJ's pink berry,
and when everyone went,
uh, Adam's response was to say,
I'm not afraid of him.
That's what they were dressing.
Which I think means that he's afraid of him.
That was a total power move, by the way.
Like, I want to put a finger in there.
Well, you got...
He was sunning you.
Not in the sense of the
heliocentric body, the sun.
But he...
We're familiar.
Like Sunday.
It's not here tonight, Dan.
Dan's a dark place.
Just pretend that only Dan can hear me right now.
Like, Dan, if we just keep bringing people up,
you and I can leave.
Tyler, Tyler, go up and share Adam's mic.
Tyler.
Tyler to the stage.
By the way, can I just point out
that we were talking about the Mona Lisa
when this happened.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know how this happened.
Talk to BJ. That's what brought me up there.
BJ's awesome. I'll try.
I wanted to talk about Paris.
I heard people talking about Paris.
Have you been to Paris?
Yeah.
Hey, like...
So you went to Paris?
Going to security for you must be easy.
Take off your shoes, you're like, ha-ha!
One step ahead of you.
Be fungus Bill.
Get up here.
Be fungus Bill to the stage.
I feel like this is like the season finale
of the Muppet Show.
Oh.
Glad it's night in the pips.
Come on out.
I try to leave, but they keep pulling me back in.
Be fungus Bill, how you doing, mate?
Here, here, here. BJ, how are you?
I have this. How did you get this?
It sort of got past me.
That was real powerful. BJ?
Nobody knows what's going on up here right now.
BJ was one of the first people I met when I came to Harmon Down.
BJ and Aaron, both.
Everybody in the front row just come up on stage.
Everybody just come up.
Yeah.
And it's totally wearing the cat shirt.
And it's totally wearing the same shirt that Andrew was
wearing last weekend.
Now everybody, we're going to go shirts and skins.
Jay, Jay.
Hey, what's up, guys?
All right.
Now what if we blew everyone else in the audience's mind
and we had a perfect dance routine up there?
That would be pretty good.
Wait, and it totally, are you wearing Andrew's cat shirt?
Fantastic, man.
Wow.
All right, so have we hit rock bottom
or we're just about there, Dan?
I don't know why.
I think we should all sing Adelweiss
like from our other guys.
One, two.
Adelweiss.
Okay, get the fuck out of the stage.
Thank you guys for coming out.
All right, let's have a hand for everybody but Kumail, everybody.
Everybody but Kumail.
Thank you.
Thank you for joining us.
Thank you, B. Fungus Bill, Adam, Anatoly, BJ, Tyler.
Who else was up here?
Kurt, Greg, Kurt.
Jay, what's going on, mate?
It's always good when they drop by.
That was pretty awesome. That was fucking great.
Yeah, so not a lot happened while you were gone.
What with BJ?
I've never had more questions for a person
none of which I really want to answer.
I hung out with BJ a few times
and we played some catchphrase back at your place
and stuff and he's a great guy.
I mean, if I just met him, I would say,
that guy seems like he's ripped on ludes.
Costume change!
By the way, BJ's back
completely different outfit.
I thought I heard someone mention
being ripped on ludes.
Have you ever done Kway Ludes, BJ?
Can you get a Kway Lude anymore?
By the way, if we take a picture of you,
this is...
He's very shy, everybody. Please don't take his picture.
I'm trying not to get any more famous.
All right, but now this vacuum
that happens, you come up and then it's like
the excitement and then
air gets sucked out of the room.
Oh, really? I can fix that.
Okay, fix it.
Tell us something. If we ask you a question, answer it.
I can do that.
Do you still have a big chunk of that money?
I've got lots of money.
You do have lots of money. What do you do
every day?
I fancy feasts.
The cat food?
I'm aware that that's also
a brand of cat food.
Nothing gets by BJ.
What time do you wake up in the morning, BJ?
This morning I woke up at 7 a.m.
What? With the sun?
What was first on your agenda this morning, BJ?
I had to move my car. It was parked.
You have a car!
Yeah. It's a Chrysler Lebaron.
It's red. It's a convertible.
I don't know how to put the top up.
Chrysler Lebaron.
Yeah. It's parked outside.
So you have, like, a driver's license
and everything. Yeah, it's inside that frog.
It's back there.
I keep forgetting to bring the frog
every time I come up here.
But it's back there. If someone can grab it
and throw it up here,
we'll take your word for it.
I'll take your word for it.
You have a frog-shaped wallet or satchel, probably.
Exactly.
Magic away from him, Dan.
Yeah.
What do you want?
Do you like people?
People? Yeah.
Like, in general? In general, I like people.
I just don't like when they ask me questions or tell me stories.
No.
So then why did you come up on stage?
Why do you dress the way you dress if you don't like questions?
That's a terrible...
That's a terrible choice to make.
That was a joke.
That's for my friend Frank.
Thank you, Taragula. I have to give him credit.
I didn't come up with that. I actually like people.
I thought that was funny.
Camille, you get three questions to BJ.
Oh, like a troll under a pig.
You get to pick three questions to...
To try...
Yeah, a lot like that.
To try to crack that nut.
To try to get inside the shell.
To learn something about BJ.
All right. What are the three questions?
Three questions and you will answer them?
Yes.
Okay.
When was the last time you cried?
The last time I cried.
I'll tell you the last time I cried.
No, no, no. You answer first.
Because if I tell mine, then you're not going to answer yours.
You don't have to answer it.
No, I'll be real.
I think the last time I cried
was
breaking up with my ex-girlfriend.
Okay. When was that?
How long ago?
It was like a few months ago.
Okay, all right.
Do you want me to...
If you are comfortable...
Oh, sure, yeah. I mean, this is going to be such a shitty answer.
But I did cry looking at some of the
paintings in the loo.
I know shit, really?
Well, I saw this one and it was this gorgeous huge...
I didn't even look up the name of the painting
or the guy because I just didn't want to look him up
and then people are like, oh, he's a hack.
I wanted to have that experience
but it said that it took him five years to finish it
and I just started the moment when it was like five years
and he was like, the last one, he was like, I'm done.
And it's this beautiful big painting
in that moment where he's like, this is what I did.
You're crying now? You're getting choked up now?
For real, right? Well, just a little bit.
I mean, it's just really...
You know, seeing all these people like...
doing all this wonderful, beautiful stuff
it was very affecting. I was very affected
the entire time I went to all...
I think that's what's missing from my life
is any kind of like... I was just like
yelling at Aaron tonight about
yelling at some kid on the internet
about yelling at Sony
about getting yelled at
about yelling, about not being appreciated
about some TV show that I'm making.
Well, but that's how I am too.
I needed to go and look at a painting.
I probably burst into tears myself.
I probably ripped my own head off.
Yeah, I mean, I'm very preoccupied.
I'm not like a...
And then when I saw the statue of David,
this is true, I saw the statue of David.
It's beautiful.
It's huge and perfect.
And then this is true.
I saw, then I read that he had
finished sculpting it
at the age of 29
and finished sculpting it.
And this is true. I logged...
The first thing I did, I logged under the
wireless of the museum
and I canceled my pre-order of GTA 5.
For real?
Yeah.
But Camille, I will say,
in your defense,
back then,
a slab of marble
was a video game.
Well, I...
You know what? David is my GTA 5.
You're right.
That's just him killing time.
I went into the influence
to the Uffizi Gallery
where Bonacelli's
Primavera is,
which is Venus in the half-shell,
you see
a room after room after room after room
of just the things that you were allowed to paint back then,
religious themes. You just see Jesus and Mary,
Mary and Jesus, the Annunciation,
the Assumption and this and that.
I don't know if that's a real thing,
it's just funny to me.
It'd be a funny fate thing, the Assumption.
It's a painting of a guy
Jesus just walked by him
outside of an ice cream shop
and the painting is capturing the moment of him going,
nah.
That guy looked a lot like him
at Pinkberry earlier tonight.
But you see all this stuff and it's all biblical,
biblical, biblical, biblical.
It was illegal basically to paint anything else.
And then you walk into a room
and I think it was for one of the Medici's
or something like that and there was a privately commissioned
thing that was humanist. It was like
mythology stuff, which is naked people
that weren't in the Bible, which is
like punk rock as can be.
And you walk in and you see a naked woman
with sprites and cherubs and stuff
with human nudity and I just
plopped down in my chair
and it was like hearing
like
what a seminal
rock and roll record would have been
if you listened to Lawrence Walk all your life.
Oh Jesus Christ, never mind the
bollocks was playing.
But it's also beautiful
and I sat there and there was two other people
and there was a lot of people milling about
but there was two other people. There was an older woman
and a younger woman and the three of us
in about 15 minutes looked at each other
and we were all like not crying but like all
teared up and we all looked at each other
and just gave each other a look like
Jesus Christ.
And we had this moment and we were like
yeah, I know. And we just sat there
and just dug it for a while.
I've had this experience where I've turned a corner
in a museum in Cleveland one time
and saw a Czanne painting that was half-finished
and what made me cry is you could see a thumbprint
on it and it was the most beautiful drawing
I've ever seen and it was half-finished
on it and I just like
completely came apart crying.
When you see the David, there's like
six other huge marble blocks that
Da Vinci never finished.
I mean Michelangelo never finished.
She walked down the hallway. Yeah, so it's all these
blocks that and so it looks like
these figures are trying to escape from these
blocks. But you had like David prototypes,
is that what you were describing? No, after the David.
This is the crazy thing, after the David
he was commissioned to make like these six other ones
and halfway through, this is true
the funding fell through. So when you
feel bad about like a guy who made
a great movie, like he can't get another
movie made, the movie was great. The guy
who made the statue of David
couldn't get his next statue done. So it's
like six of these and it's all like these
blocks and there's characters like that.
He's sort of carved but not finished.
They look like they're trying to escape from this.
I think in somebody who's an art student
correct me if I'm wrong, but I love when geniuses
describe the way they're geniuses like Bobby
Shaw, the way he talks about chess. Oh yeah,
Michelangelo said that
God put the image inside this block
of marble. I have just the
shitty task of removing the excess.
Well, that's the thing is that if I was
a guy who was like, give me a tip on sculpting
and he said that, I'm like, you don't have to be a
dick about it. That's the thing
like that. That's something that drives me crazy
is I like, I want
to talk about like how passionate I
am about like, you know, making stuff,
but you do like when you run it through your head
because it does sound like stuff like that.
Like you go like, I'm just going to sound
like the biggest dick in the world.
But it's the most selfless stuff
because you're like, oh shit, like what are you going to say?
Like God wrote community episode
four at season two, you know.
Like it's not me, it's God.
But the thing you want to communicate though
is the rapture like of
like the idea
that there's a creative
dimension and I think Campbell talked about
that there's shit outside of
you that's already done
and that you're
you get to participate
in the ether. Like you're just like
this weird splotch of iodine
that gets thrown onto a microscope slide
and reveals this thing that was already there.
You might be a
hack like a good, like, you know,
it's like the middle of the road guy
like maybe just doing a sitcom. You might be
making like an industrial training video
in Pittsburgh about how to screw in a light bulb
without getting electrocuted. You might be
doing the Sistine Chapel. Like it's different
different kinds of iodine, but like
it's all part of this like, you're just getting like
splats, you know, but it's like
it's the, it's like
mostly frustration. It's mostly
incompletion. It's like, I'm not
doing what I'm supposed to be doing and then like one second
every five years of like, oh
splat. I did it.
I arrived. I'm
a sperm cell that got annihilated by this egg
and someone else gets a baby.
And that's what's wonderful about being at the Louvre
is that it's all those
splats, one after the other.
They're collecting all of the
splats. I never, I never
thought about it that way.
It was like a Bucaki creation. It's like a big
collection of
of
really good paintings.
Episode 72, Dan Harmon
realizes what art is
and why museums are important.
Wouldn't you take a listen?
What was hard for me was, so
I don't know anything about painting, but I was there
and I was having, I was having real connection
to it real and I realized like
music and painting are things
that you can really get someone
in the split second and just
grab them emotionally with writing
which is, you know, what we do
there's a, there's an intellectual component to it
so there's a little bit more processing going on
but with music or art
it can be so
almost animalistic. It feels like when you get it
like grab something inside you, no matter
what your background is and you just
like have this, you know, it really resonates.
I was kind of like a little bummed
out seeing all this stuff and being like
I'll never do any of this. I mean it's not
it's not, it's amazing
that it resonates. I think, I think the one thing
you should take away from it as a pep talk
as an individual creative to another is that
you're, you're a, a tuned
enough antenna that you, that that
brought tears to you as a good sign. You're
not supposed to, you're not supposed to
walk in there and go like, let's find out how
I hold up. You're like, no, right now
it's the worst bar to try here.
You're like, all right, DaVinci, let's
see what you got.
But also like, all right, DaVinci on your best day
like not DaVinci on an open mic
working his shit out. But what's also
crazy is DaVinci was a scientist and after
he died they found plans for a helicopter
and for solar panels
and a calculator. But also for AIDS, also
for AIDS. They suppressed it.
They suppressed it. Bit from Colomay.
People think that DaVinci is so amazing
the helicopter, the jetpack, AIDS.
He designed AIDS and
no one will acknowledge that.
Are you, are you Jib-Jab and DaVinci?
Nothing is
sacred!
Wolf Pusser.
Little sketches of AIDS. But it really is.
Like he was like, next to the
next to the spiral.
I want to, I want to go back to mail
to the unfinished, because I was
in that same room at the academia.
Did you see those? Yeah.
They do seem to be frozen
in the ice or emerging unsuccessfully.
It's very visceral, seeing it.
To lose funding. They already bought the marble.
I
bet that's what those rich fuckers were betting on though.
That's the thing that makes me happy about
hearing about the half-finished. David is that he had the balls
to walk away. Like
fuck you, fuck you man.
I bet that's what they thought. They probably
bet on his craftsmanship.
Like, why don't you just finish it anyway?
I'm working on getting a loan and he's like, fuck you.
I'll go carve another rock.
He was like, I'll go make the Sistine Chapel
in Rome. And then he fucking did that.
Because I saw that David and I was like, all right, everyone
can have one great day. What else
you got? Have you seen the Sistine Chapel?
You're like, oh, okay, I'll also this.
Also
this. Sistine Chapel got me
too. I looked up at the Senate. It's wonderful.
There's the
what's it the
Judgment Day on one wall and then you have the
God and Adam up there.
That's the one you see a lot,
but that's like one fiftieth of the whole thing.
Then aligning it are these giant
curved parts along the sides, like the railings
of the chapel. And they're huge.
And he painted upside
down on a curved surface, things that
read absolutely two dimensionally.
Like they don't look curved and they still
look three-dimensional surfaces. And that
was just demoralizing. Like that's
unbelievable. But I heard he stole
a lot of that stuff from the Sistine floor.
And a lot of people
don't realize, you know, you never look down
when you go into that place, but it's
he took that. There's a guy named Harold
Johnson that did the Sistine floor
and it's gorgeous.
And he did it first. They did the floor first.
It looks like perfect rectangles.
That's what my friend was telling me.
You know, I went to the Louvre and she was telling me
like what to go see. And she was like, and then go see
the Mona Lisa, which is fine.
And I was like, you just whatever the Mona
Lisa. And I don't, now I don't feel as
bad about some of the comments
that people make about me online.
Yeah, yeah.
People are looking at the Mona Lisa.
They should have a comment section.
That would be an amazing experience.
Just go and there's like, yeah, there just
be some guy goes, you've got a racist, you know,
like under some thing.
I saw the Mona Lisa.
It's really small.
People said that to me. It's really
small. I was like, that should make it
better. It's the biggest, it's the most
well-known portrait of all time.
It's too small. It's a postage stamp, but that's
even better. Yeah, well, I just
think like whatever.
People said that to me.
Because she's smiling or not. I can't even tell.
Yeah.
That like really got. Will she, won't she?
Guys, I have one word for you.
Museum of Jurassic Technology.
Oh yeah, that's great.
Hey,
don't talk unless you have a microphone.
Museum of Jurassic
Do you want to explain what that
have you been to the Museum of Jurassic
Technology? Yeah, I've heard about it.
It's like an art installation. It's not
real, like
that real Jurassic technology. Yeah,
it's like it's an art installation.
Why do you love it? Have you been to the
roof? No.
Whenever you go to a building, check out the
roof first.
When you get there,
BJ will be there.
And he will give you some
pinkberry.
And give you your next clue. Why?
Not everything is the
amazing race, bro.
He's
he's been corrupted
by the amazing. Yeah, he thinks life is
like, all right. Where's my next clue?
What was the last time you cried?
It's the last time I cried.
I cry. The answer will
be absolutely unacceptable because the
answer will definitely be because I'm working on
a story.
Of my own. About my show.
About people going to community college.
But I cry.
I cry when
a story works.
It's not, it's like
I'll be going like,
and it's really embarrassing sometimes.
Like if I'm in a room full of writers and
I'll go like, well,
it's like, you know,
and that, oh no, that works perfectly because
then Troy has to say goodbye to Abed.
But
I'll like, I'll like, I'll like just like
I'll hear my voice doing that. Like I feel
the, but it doesn't
that's a bad example because that sounds sad.
Like, but like, it's happening right now
a little bit. Well, because I can remember, I can have
sense memory of like what it feels like for a
story to finally something
that is not yielding
you know, something that because
stories
like, like when you're, when you're working on
them, you're working on this thing as I've talked about
it's like, oh, it's just not
it's, it's, it's kind of like
like, uh,
I don't know, like, like, like, like, like some
sappy movie about a kid in a horse or something
and it's like the horse doesn't want to eat out of the kid's hand
or something because it's like, so it's like this miraculous
moment when this thing is
behaving properly
because it's finally chosen you and it wants to do
something and you're like, like, Jesus fucking Christ.
I've been like, like, like
the pain that I've gone through
uh, uh, you
like, like, yeah, that's it
it's just, it's an emotional reaction
it's sort of like, there's a salt water
squirting out of your eyes
whether, whether what you
specifically broke was a truly
sad moment about a character loving
his father or something or just a fart joke
like it could really, if it clicks, it kind of like
is an emotional experience for me
catharsis
catharsis, yes, just yell anything out
laughter
I'm crying up here and you just
guys just connecting dots
verbally
that is, like, that's what
made me cry about that painting was that moment
when it, like, finally is like, oh, I'm done
and that's what you're talking about
is that moment where you're like, I mean
there's a lot more work to do but where you're like, oh, I did
something and this is
this works and it's beautiful
yeah
yeah, I wish
I could store all that information
so I could study it because like
what 80 plus whatever
episodes of
community going through that process every time, there's been so
many, so many wasted tears
so many times when it's fun
like, we got it, we got it
feeling so good about something that
ends up being like, oh shit, this doesn't work
you know, it's funny, like
we toil at the feet
of this thing that just taunts us
you know
Jeff, do you want to answer?
about crying?
yeah
I took this huge shit
Jeff was like, I looked and it was 9-11
and I cried
I cried today
right before I came here
I was like, I cry about music a lot
I'm a crier, I'll cry
movies, I'll cry
like weather, like I get like kind of
overwhelmed by things, like if somebody strikes
me as incredibly singular
I just get really like overcome by stuff
I've always been one of those people
like if I get yelled at
when I was like bossed around on the playground
when I get angry, I think Dan we have the same thing
you get angry, my emotions well up
and tears start falling
so I cry happy more than I cry sad
but I cry happy all the time
so today there's a song
called She by Charles Asnivore
Elvis Costello covered it
oh yeah, I've heard the Elvis Costello version
Jeff Lynn did an awesome version of it
and there's a lyric at the end of that
I just was singing it in my apartment
and I get to the end of it
and I can't even talk
I can't sing it, I can't even
my throat closes up
and it just makes me start crying
and what it is, it's just
beautifully written
and expresses it's a little turn that it makes
where it's not she, she, she, she
when it goes to me, then it goes
me, I'll take her laughter
and her tears and make them all
my souvenirs and when it becomes
about like, this is the effect
that she has on me
then it becomes way more about she
every time, there's a lot of songs
I sing in the shower, all of a sudden
I just have to stop
I'm sobbing, like a music overwhelms me
all the time
the album that always makes you cry
do you guys know Warren Zevon?
and everyone knows
I almost played a Warren Zevon song
his last time, he found out
he was going to die of lung cancer
and he was like, I gotta make a fucking album
before I die, so this album is like
goodbye to the world, it's called The Wind
and it is, it's so beautiful
because you can hear that he's very weak
and he has such a great
like, he's so at peace with it
like when he did the press conference
to announce that he was going to die in three months
he said, in his press conference
he said, I just want to live long
enough to see the new Bond movie
I hear they're taking it in a new direction
no pressure
and that was Christina Royale
so, they did
they took it in a new direction
special thanks, Warren Zevon
but that album was really, really good
this is one song called
keep me in your heart for a while
it's not like a grand thing, it's like
I'm going to die soon, just keep me in your heart for a while
just for a little bit
think of me every now, it's really wonderful
you know what I'm finding
I have a really crazy memory for lyrics
I remember songs I learned when I was a little kid
like, I did a lot of musical theater
I know all the lyrics
the ABCD song
same melody
somebody should get sued
but like
going back and listening to songs that you learned
when you were a kid and you didn't really
know what the meaning was about it
all of a sudden there's this little epiphany
that's what it's about
those moments really hit me right in the old days
I was a little kid and I loved four weddings in a funeral
and it wasn't until the 10th time I watched it
that I realized that those two characters were gay
and that like
changed my life
I was like, I guess they're not so bad
it's true, like you know
grew up very homophobic and stuff
because very religious and so
but that was part of the reason watching that movie
I was like, oh okay, people do whatever they want
I was watching West Side Story on TCM
like a few months ago
and I cried, like openly
alone at my place
but not at one of the sad songs
I want to be in America
you know why? because it's a fucking good number
it's a fucking good song
which one?
I want to be in America
fucking good! and the guy that plays
who's the sexy dude, what's his name?
Bernardo
he fucking rules, he's so good
and the music is great
and what's her name, Cheetah Rivera
it's just so good
it's like a triumphant moment
there's little things like that
that really fucking came together
there's a bunch of, that's 200 people making
something happen
that's another thing that always gets me
is when it's humanity working as one thing
like I went to a space shuttle launch and it's moving
there's like six people on that fucking thing
and like it's like
I was just sobbing crying
and there was a guy next to me and he's a colonel
in the Air Force
and he was sobbing crying
he had a friend on board that thing
I thought he was gonna, he turned to you, suck it up pussy
let's get this bird in the air
we're not gonna do it with your tears
he's standing next to me
I knew, we had talked about it before
he goes, he's got a buddy on board this thing
it was like the last launch of Atlantis I think
or second to last, supposed to be the last
but they added one more I think
and so when it went up, I was just like
my jaw hit my chest and I was just streaming
not like, huh huh, crying
just a steady flow of tears
I've never really cried like that
it was just complete awe
it's so easy to think that
billions of years ago
there was a sun supernova
and one piece of dust or whatever settles
where Earth is and it just happens to spin and cool
the hot gases spin and spin for eons
and then they cool and it sort of forms
so that it just happens to be habitable
cut to us like launching shit into space
and next to me is this guy, he looks like the great Santini
he's a bad ass
pilot, test pilot
tough guy, ex astronaut
and I know he's got a buddy on board
and he's very sunflower about it
and he was saying like
people don't really cheer
just so you know, when it launches
a lot of people cheer but the people that have been to these before
they don't cheer until the solid rocket boosters detach
because when those are still lit
and they're still attached to it, anything can go wrong
and there's no way to abort it
once they release, there's a possible way things go wrong
to have them return to the land side
they're going into space against God
and things can go wrong
and they're strapped to a bomb
and they can't turn off until those run off
and once the SRB is detached
then there's a way for them to nose over
and do a return to landing site
which has never been done thank God
did you tell him that there's a traditional
there's things that can go wrong when you're telling people how to cheer
I was asking him a million questions
I wanted to know
that was unsolicited, I'm sorry
he was just saying
I said how many of these have you been to
then I find out that he's a pilot
and he's got a buddy on board
and he's like
were you here for the Challenger
he goes yes I was, we talked about that
and so that's when he's saying
since then we don't cheer until the SRBs are released
and I go
wow, and so when I was having my own moments
and I'm filming it very poorly
on my iPhone
we're just like not looking through it
but holding it up kind of in the direction of it
and I'm crying and I look over
the thing that got me, among all the things
was this guy, it was going
go up Lannis
like crying
he's like make it
and everybody there, I'll start crying now
it's friends and family going
get those fucking solid rockabusters off
and make it
and it was just like
there's something incredibly
like
we get so irritated by little things humans do
and I'm such a road ragey
cock on the road and stuff like that
everything's irritable and Rush can go fuck himself
but you don't want Rush can go fuck himself
I know, I know
but the thing is the beauty of
it doesn't have to be people going into space
which is the craziest thing in the world
but it's just crazy to go like
it's a very
human moment
where I just go like we're awesome
we're really cool and we have so much
mental capacity and it's very
difficult to do all the things we do
I don't know how you put lead in the fucking pencil
but there's heroic shit that goes
on to every little thing that we do
and it doesn't have to be going into space to make you realize that
but there's so much
natural heroism
that that's the stuff that always
gets me and then you realize
how brief it all is
that's the beauty of it
so that's why sunsets are set
one day closer to death, it really is
I think that's genuinely part of the reason
I think seasons
are very
I always connected to seasons
when I was in Chicago and stuff and I feel
like part of the reason that California
people can be so cocky and get all
that work done and stuff is like
they don't see
seasons, they don't see like life
dying and coming back and dying and coming back
so then one day they look in the mirror and they're like
I look slightly old, what the fuck
happened and then they get like work done and stuff
and I really think
seasons give you perspective that
like you know we sort of
don't have something, I was thinking about this today
this is slightly off topic but not really
off topic
we all know who the first man on the moon was
how many people know who the first man in space
was
okay like four people, his name is Yuri Gagarin
and just because he was Russian
we don't hear about him as much, to me that's
really sad because that's something again that humanity
did, it was in the fucking 60s
the first man in space, everyone
should know his name and we don't know
it just because it's a Russian
and they didn't like Russia back then
it's like, it's like bombs me up
Anatoly, have you met Anatoly
was he here before you left? Yes, I've met Anatoly
our resident Russian
about Gagarin
mostly
actually about me, Gagarin
I knew it, this is the least surprising thing
Gagarin
here was studied
in a city where I grew up
oh wow
obviously four people raised their hands
one of them was the guy who grew up in the same city as him
that's the name that we should know
are there big statues of him in town?
that's great
it's him punching Neil Armstrong in the face
I think everybody knows
Yuri Gagarin was the first guy in space
I think maybe because you asked it that way
people
paused and was like, maybe it wasn't Yuri Gagarin
a lot of people didn't know
well, because I grew up during the
when I learned that it was the Cold War
so we were supposed to
maybe they just passed it
they were like, space, fuck that
that is a bummer that wouldn't have happened
what about that dog?
the first thing was a Russian dog
it was two dogs
and they were called
Belka and Strelka
those really
you made a thing that goes into space
you could name dogs two different things
Rover and Schmover
now those dogs and
I'm asking like he was there
those dogs
they didn't come back, right?
there's no like
imagine those dogs
they're well trained enough
that they're like
I imagine those are the best dogs on the planet
the best dogs
whatever you want boss
I have a question
for all the American space program
I forget what the number is
but it's below 20 I think
the two shuttle things
in the beginning of the Apollo
how many Russian
cosmonauts died?
does that mean they don't release that?
some fuckers died
I don't know the number
that'd be interesting to find out
it was like 20 some here
I forget the number
but it's like 18 or something like that
around there of Americans that died
through our space program
which is pretty crazy when you think of the amount
there's been something like 160 or 70 or 80
space shuttle missions or something like that
the amount of people that died
making the Golden Gate Bridge
the amount of people that died from poverty
and you think
flinging us into space
would have the highest casualty
looking at the moon and being like
let's go there
people are gonna die
cause of a lot of death
I'm gonna get all the numbers wrong so forgive me
but I think maybe seven people died
in the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge
which was considered an engineering marvel
the rule of thumb back then was
one person dead for every 100 foot of span
that was considered
feasible and okay insurance wise
the fact that only
seven people died and held like 1300 feet
or more than that
that was considered like we did it
we put fuckers in the moon
and only three people had died
I hate to be cynical
but it's really expensive
to kill an astronaut
it's a lot of training
a poor guy can die making a bridge
and that's what it is
that's why I'm wondering what I'm ranting about
that's a danger of capitalism
where it's worth something
it's great and gets all kinds of shit done
but unfucking capped
without some rule about it
that a human life
is absolutely
not only worth more than anything
but that the president's
human life is actually worth
we can wrap our brain around this
the president's human life is worth the exact same amount
it's like the guy
whose breath is terrible
to the cubicle next to you
that looks creepy outside the 7-11
you don't have to want to be his best friend
but the idea that his human life
is actually it's all equivalent
all we have to do is put that
in place over capitalism
let capitalism run under it
you wouldn't have stuff like that
by the way, Anatoly's wearing the cat shirt
from the sexy guy
anybody else wearing the cat shirt
from last week?
what's the cat shirt story?
there was a gentleman named Andrew
a guy who was last week
we mentioned him
he just goes to different cities trying to get people to wear that shirt
he was in the front row and he was in a wheelchair
with arm brace crutches
and he had that shirt on
so we started talking to him and he has Tourette's
and he's kind of got a spinal thing for 11 years
and we talked to him
and Aaron fell in love with his cat shirts
so it's become something of a craze online
we've run rampant
BJ, do you know where we are?
yeah, cat shirts
it's time to bring Spencer out
we had a lot of catching up to do
I'm curious to find out on Reddit
whether this is the best or worst episode in a while
it's had a lot of stuff
this episode has had everything
but I think that
we've settled into an audience
where it's like
my mom would listen to the home shopping network
while she's sewed
in the 80s
I would come home from school
my mom wasn't buying anything because we were poor
but she would sit there and sew stuff
and she would have the home shopping network on
because she had grown addicted to the voices
this is the people like oh Diane
she gives you a toot every time you order a bracelet
she's just listening to Diane talk about
it's like if you listen to people for hours a day
you think that's what we've been reduced to?
it's not reduced, elevated to
we're in their lives, we're their family
if I cut my finger right now
someone in Illinois would be like oh he cut his finger
also they are listening
it's not just that they're listening to the songs
that our voices make
they're engaged
hi Diane in Illinois
are you chopping your salad
hey Gary drive safe this morning
all right Camille
two speed round
you have two BJ questions left
this is the first question
hi Spencer Howard
hey guys
continue
do you want to answer the question?
no, continue
two quick questions
do you believe in God?
yes
I also cried during that home depot video
were the guys proposing to that other guy
I don't know this video
how's it go?
he's like
he's demonstrating
I have to come up with you?
and then imagine
all these people are dancing
and you're the guy
okay
wait now I should be the guy
you should be the guy who's proposing to me
wait you
you did improv
I'm the guy or the girl?
you're a guy
we're in home depot
all of our friends are back here dancing
they're all dancing at the home depot
and then a bunch of kids walk in
with iPads
and start pulling them up
and then here's someone you know
face chatting you from somewhere else in America
or around the world
and you're like oh hi relatives
good to see you on the iPad
and then your fiance guy walks up
your fiance guy walks up
because you're about to get married to a guy
oh
come
come on
you've made me so happy
will you make the rest of my life
the happiest life
that I will ever have
I do
Jeff and BJ are both really actually crying
you just gave me your home depot card
BJ everybody thank you sir
magic
let's bring Erin McGathy up to the stage
Erin
I got a little cheered up
I'm interpreting that correctly
it's a viral video
it's a same sex couple
proposal
it certainly wasn't our reenactment
cause it felt like a little golden railroad spike
I imagine my mom watching that
then
when going like oh that's how you win
those are the victories
when my mom goes like oh
they're just like us
that makes me cry
seeing the romance
if you could drag your mom to a gay wedding
this issue would be over
because believe me they're more romantic
we've talked about it
hello Erin
did you get your hair colored
is that new hair
it's a little too purpley
I don't think it's purpley
it worked
I feel like a fool now
real quick because we're getting late on time
Erin last time you cried
I cry all the time
constantly
the last time I really sobbed
was watching the Stella sisters
who are on Nashville
oh yeah
we've talked about this
these two little girls, Lennon and Maisie Stella
they're sisters and they sing a cappella
and the way that they look at it
if I start talking about it I'll cry
two and three
they're not two and three
they're like six and ten or eight and ten
they're playing with like two tins of margarine
as percussion
they're probably in their forties now
but they've been around
not literally
they carry each other
makes me sob
but also paintings and
Dan you want to grab the character sheets
and let's get this underway
we have precious little time for Spencer and D
let's lightening through this D&D
we had to catch Christopher up on his recent exploits
tell me real quick what happened
do you do that
I don't really say any Christopher
specific things I don't think
I think you can jump right back in
we have a skeleton army
I was there for that
I was there for their dance routine
we fought a bunch of blob monsters
and googas and I think it's all pretty
self-explanatory
alright Spencer
what
take it away
okay
you have a ribbon knife now do you know about that
I mean
what
you have a knife that already
you guys
come to your tagger I guess
I have a new story for the last time
I cried
oh okay
on the last episode of Harmontown
our heroes were still
in the depths of Admiral Darkstar's
Black Keep
after trekking north to lay a final
siege on the menacing marauder our heroes
fell prey to Darkstar's illusionary
fences and were trapped within its icy clutches
after reuniting
the party defeated a snowflake
and then charged up some stairs
encountering a porcupine in front
of a room full of buttons
after dispatching the hellish
hedgehog our heroes set to work
pressing buttons and releasing terribly dangerous
fluids until they stumbled
across one that unleashed the 23
flavors of refreshing
satisfaction that is Dr Pepper
filling the room with Dr Pepper
our heroes floated up
towards a hole in the ceiling
in the sticky effervescent embrace
of success and the taste that
Amazon site reviews call
great tasting
the party crawled out of the hole
and onto the floor of a great hall
in a great metal castle
they were in the Black Keep
but what would they do
I don't know
thank you Spencer
Spencer Crint, then as always
brought to you by Dr Pepper
100% immersion
I'm just calling it out
yeah so you guys
crawl into the hall of the Dark Keep
after you exit from
this hole you feel the nurturing
Dr Pepper has healed you
you regain all your lost hit points
okay
alright
wow I feel so refreshed
me too
I'm more of a Mr. Pip Guy
it's Pib Extra now
oh is it? yeah
you guys
you guys and gal we finally made it
this is the Dark Keep, this is the stronghold
of Admiral Darkstar
it's quiet
too quiet
scared
I cast light
it lights up
wait what do you cast it on
my finger
it lights up
are you holding it to try and look around
yeah okay
examine my surroundings
you can see there's a large double door
to what I'm going to call for sake of reference
the south of this room
you also see a wooden door on the east
staircase leading from the north
you just crawled out of a hole roughly in the center
out of the same hole
you see your skeletons
that you've been amassing
they float to the top and start to pull themselves
out of the Dr. Pepper
do we still have all 50 of our skeletons?
would you like to count them?
I count skeletons
you only count 46 somehow
okay
you're going to make an omelet
or recount
I'm sorry I doubted you
I was hoping you were wrong
I didn't want to think
what happened we lost you and you and Louis and Scrooge
fellas
that staircase I guess should be the first thing we go
we check out
but behind you you hear the double doors flying open
wow
out charges a well armored warrior
he's dazzling gold and he wears a great green cape
and clutches a blue gem on a rope
in one hand
speak at your name and intention
I am light finger
that's not true
my name's Sharpie I don't want to start
a relationship with a lie
as he dashes in the room
and looks at your glowing finger
he says asmodeus is pissant demons
leave now
or die where you stand
you have us wrong
my friend none of us are pissants
my finger is only
illuminated from the power
of truth
the devil's illusions work
great tricks on my mind
hey look into my eyes
do you see a devil's illusion right now
yes
okay look into my eyes do you see
a devil's illusion now
not as much
alright work
we go down the circle
we go down the line
it's still about the same
okay what does his face look like
he looks it's gleaming
and bright he has
like a plus sign
that's just glowing on his face it's weird
listen how many
people have you encountered
since your travels here
that have told you that they're here to destroy
Admiral Darkstar the last room
was full of people such as that
and they turned on you and I destroyed them
okay
did you really check your math
before you destroyed them because
you're in the black keep of Admiral Darkstar
that makes you one of his dark minions
yeah but it hasn't turned out to be
that deceptive a place you know
it's sort of like hey I'm in an ice pit
oh I'm in a soda room like
we haven't encountered a lot of like holy shit it's my uncle
no it's not
that's your experience man
but yours has been one of like
holy shit like a hall of psychological
mirrors like you've been running into people
that seem like they're cool and then turn out they're not
yes and this seems like it's the third
in a three trial set
no no no no no
are you here sir to kill Admiral Darkstar too
that's why I came to the north
okay yeah team up with us
ask us questions and we'll answer
our answers will prove that we're not
the demons may I speak on behalf of
my friend we love tying ropes to things
how does your gem rope
thing work
it looks really cool yeah it looks
really really cool by the way
I've been thinking about getting one of those quest signs
on my head so that's
the mark of my god wait what's
your name my name
is callous the magnificent
oh appropriate
names there yeah
yeah
that doesn't bother me listen how many
how many how many demons have done
this and I get on my knees
and I open my throat
to you sir strike me down
okay
can we have a sidebar
no that's what demons do
we know this guy
proof that we're not demons because he's had
two encounters
with demons so now
everyone in the world has to bend over
backwards for him
well fine fucking cut my head off
or let's move on
can I just do a sense motive
on callous I mean sure
okay I try to sense motive on him
his motive is to
defeat all the demons and dark stars
rain so he's a good guy
as far as I can tell I'm still doing it I'm waiting
I mean you remember time is money
callous
this is a good point I don't think any demons
have done this before Jesus
Christ I get
up and dust myself off in that really aggressive
way
fucking
A and I just I walk past him
through the doors
and I mutter as I just
trails off as I fucking people halt
hey I'm sorry excuse me what
just because you aren't demons
doesn't mean that you're good people
I was just
thinking the same thing about you yeah
as a paladin it is
my job to wipe out all evil
not just demons
new paladin customers
seem pretty rough
yeah no we're good guys
I use my diplomacy and I look into his eyes
and I
take out my rope
and I tie it
to my
bedroll
and I
I look to my
pals and give them a like
it's gonna be fine
I look confused
we give her the look
we normally give her when she gets out
one of her arts and crafts
I
mouth I'm sorry to the guy
I look at him
and use my diplomacy he kind of goes
we're not that tough
I've known better than to take a trapped
item before
I use my diplomacy and I say
callous I offer
you this bedroll
and a rope representing the
tie to
our home
that we are making
vulnerable if we weren't
good would we put up with this shit
I guess you're right
well then let's team up and work together
you seem like a tough paladin let's go and do
this thing
okay all right
also just one thing though
no no no no
leave it leave it
we're all on the same page
this is let it go
last time you went on one of these
you got stepped on by a giant
a healing choir of
that's not immersion
all right all right yeah exactly
I'm immersed just saying the guy's
pretty picky
all right guy that's alone
all right
he wants to fight
the demons but he wants to find the best allies
in the world callous what is your
why do you want to defeat Admiral
Darkstar because the shard
of truth tells me so
fair enough
okay all right
all right so what
you where are you coming from besides
two encounters that
okay in your mind we don't
we don't need this he doesn't need sass
let's not sass I'm not sassing them I feel
like you're sassing them a little bit
look I'm just
swam in cola no dude I'm with
Sharpie I'm with you I understand
but this guy he doesn't know where we're
coming from you know let's just
put our best face forward and then
once he trusts us then you can have the talk
with him hey like you come across a little
beard right up top
what did you
see in your travels
callous what
I had him on the back
as I said thanks I don't see how that's
relevant oh my god
listen
listen he's a dick he's a total dick
tell me tell me you guys
why do you control
a skeleton army I'm pretty
sure not pretty sure I know
for a fact that skeletons cannot be
created without great evil being done
we made a deal with a frost giant
who uh who said that
you know we could team up and he didn't
really help us a lot he tried to kill us all
you've contracted with a dark force nope
he's not a dark force have you been to
forinheim the frozen
city I've
heard tell of such a city
they're not great people either
but they're not dark
yeah they killed him but then they brought him
it's all we did a busby Berkeley musical it's a whole
thing you don't need to get into I go over
and they were undead
our skeletons are
no listen it came out wrong
he's uh
yes our skeletons are undead
to doi they're skeletons
and they're moving around your compatriots
and you were once dead okay all right
I was wrong I was dying
he was dying he was so almost dead
I'm dead inside
I had a dad like you
okay
sharpie
leave it we don't
not looking at him
I walk over and examine the eastern door
the eastern door
you go over to the examine the eastern door
and he's like
I wouldn't go there
okay let's take his words
what do you know about the eastern door callus
demons roast on the east
well if they're roasting
that's good well I mean they're eating
oh okay
I thought they were being roasted
no no they do the roasting
so the objective callus is to go to the demon list door
I don't know
which doors have you been to so far
which area have you not explored
I just know the east
I go to the southern door
that's where I came out of
all right Jesus you just said
listen
I'm on your side no sharpie
no no no
this alliance is uneasy
I do a big sarcastic
tiptoe over to the northern door
is this okay
and then I laugh
he's so funny
he
he does a
respond okay I examine
I do it like a perception check on that door
there's a large handle
I try
I try the handle
you try the handle and as you grab it
you feel a sharp prick
you pull your hand away and you see a needle
is poked out of the door
and stabbed you in the hand
retracting in the door
this perception check should have showed you
that there was a needle on it
it just showed me there was a handle
it just popped out recently
am I cut?
are you talking about the northern door or the western door
the northern door
what's your fortitude saved there
my fortitude is
alright
everything's fine
hey guys
this door has a needle on it
but I feel like I dodged a bullet on this one
can I go grab it
but not where the needle comes out of
like the different part of the handle
because it's clearly an important door
if it's protected by a needle
so I grab the other part of it
and I open it
okay
you see stairs that go up
guys
do you want to go up some stairs?
what do you think Callis?
I think I'm going through the other door
which door is that?
the west
you're going through the west door
I'm going there now
why?
because you guys don't know what you're doing
oh do you?
can we be your minions then?
he starts stomping towards this western door
I stomped after him
stomping
he throws open the door
is there a needle on it?
inside is nothing but darkness
yeah
good choice Callis
tasty pick
he stops
he gulps a bit and he's like
you guys suck
you don't know what's up
I'm going through this door
and you guys can't come
what? we can't come
he just threw the door and slams it shut
alright you know what?
I think that was Admiral Darkstar in disguise
oh shit
you hear blood curdling screams
no
he's a red shirt
sorry I have metagaming
let's go up the stairs of the other door
the northern door
you begin heading up the stairs but they seem longer
than intended
as if it might take a whole week to fight
cliffhanger
hey
alright
thank everybody for coming to Harmontown once again
what a journey we went on
I'd like to thank
James and Domi and John Roy
BJ of course
everybody our cast of Cavalcade of Characters
Erin McAfee
Spencer Crittenden and Kumail Nanjiani
everybody
I'm Jeff Davis or Comptroller
one time for the mayor
Dan Harmon
we walked up a whole staircase
see you guys next week